Intro landing page (#54)
PlaceOS/docs: index.md

---

> title: What is PlaceOS?
> slug: /
> description: Brief intro to the product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: PlaceOS Documentation
slug: /
description: Explanations, how-to guides, tutorials and technical references for working with and building on PlaceOS.
```

---
<!-- This is a placeholder page in markdown to be replaced post-mvp with a more pleasing React page -->

PlaceOS is a software platform which makes interaction with physical spaces simple.
It provides tools to design, build and iterate integrated digital experiences for physical environments.

To do this it merges elements on an API gateway, ESB, and traditional BMS, without the legacy baggage.

> This allows disparate systems, devices and services to combine as a seamless UX for your _place_, whatever that is.

Reviewer: Might be worth aligning what is said here with https://place.technology/solutions/platform, along with a link back to that page, or the root of the site for more intro info.

You can navigate between them at the top of the page.

If you want high-level coverage of topic areas, see the [overview](../overview).

If you want to learn in more detail about a process or feature, try a [tutorial](../tutorial/).

If you're looking for docs to help you with a task, try a [how-to](../how-to/) guide.

For low-level detailed technical docs, see the [reference](../reference/) material.

```text
                               ▲
                               │
                           practical
                               │
                               │
            tutorials          │            how-to
      (learning-orientated)    │     (problem-orientated)
                               │
                               │
◄─study────────────────────────┼──────────────────────────work─►
                               │
                               │
             explain           │           reference
   (understanding-orientated)  │   (information-orientated)
                               │
                               │
                          theoretical
                               │
                               ▼
```

> 

Reviewer: Can drop this - this was for the metadocs.

Author: I thought some variation on it was useful, but the one-liners for each category above kind of covers it enough.

Reviewer: Yeah - was more just in reference to the text diagram. Had only popped that together so that it would display neatly in a MD editor.

A graphic form may be useful, but potentially not a requirement for getting this initial version up. Maybe just swing a comment in there for a TODO?
